Document multi file upload (#3860)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Webhook.md

## Execute Webhook % POST /webhooks/{webhook.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/webhook-object}/{webhook.token#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/webhook-object}

Refer to [Uploading Files](#DOCS_REFERENCE/uploading-files) for details on attachments and `multipart/form-data` requests.

> info

> > Note that when sending a message, you must provide a value for at **least one of** `content`, `embeds`, or `file`.

Reviewer: What do you think of saying "attachments" (no code backticks) instead of `file`? cc @msciotti 

Feels like since it isn't the parameter name, we should style it differently

Reviewer 2: Isn't it? Looking at the param table below, there is an `attachments` parameter

When the `content` field is edited, the `mentions` array in the message object will be reconstructed from scratch based on the new content. The `allowed_mentions` field of the edit request controls how this happens. If there is no explicit `allowed_mentions` in the edit request, the content will be parsed with _default_ allowances, that is, without regard to whether or not an `allowed_mentions` was present in the request that originally created the message.

Refer to [Uploading Files](#DOCS_REFERENCE/uploading-files) for details on attachments and `multipart/form-data` requests.

> Any provided files will be **appended** to the message. To remove or replace files you will have to supply the `attachments` field which specifies the files to retain on the message after edit.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the API version callout style guide is, but do we want to include a note that in v10 users will need to patch with the complete attachment array?

Reviewer 3: implying that there is a style guide :^)

I think get active channel threads has a deprecation notice tho

Reviewer 4: I think a warn block would do when functionality is expected to change in the next version

When the `content` field is edited, the `mentions` array in the message object will be reconstructed from scratch based on the new content. The `allowed_mentions` field of the edit request controls how this happens. If there is no explicit `allowed_mentions` in the edit request, the content will be parsed with _default_ allowances, that is, without regard to whether or not an `allowed_mentions` was present in the request that originally created the message.

Refer to [Uploading Files](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/create-message-uploading-files) for details on attachments and `multipart/form-data` requests.

> Any provided files will be **appended** to the message. To remove or replace files you will have to supply an **attachments** parameter which specifies the files to retain on the message after edit.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Any provided files will be **appended** to the message. To remove or replace files you will have to supply the `attachments` field which specifies the files to retain on the message after edit.
```

| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| content          | string                                                                               | the message contents (up to 2000 characters)                    |
| embeds           | array of up to 10 [embed](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/embed-object) objects              | embedded `rich` content                                         |
| allowed_mentions | [allowed mention object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object)            | allowed mentions for the message                                |
| components \*    | array of [message component](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/component-object) | the components to include with the message                      |

> | file[n] \*\*     | file contents                                                                        | the contents of the file being sent/edited                      |

Reviewer: Sorry, got my own format wrong 💀 - it's `files[n]` (plural instead of singular)
